{'title': '1 Vietnamese language study coordinator', 'organization': 'AN LAC TEMPLE', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 16, 2024', 'description': 'Bilingualism English/ Vietnamese, Recruiting parents and students enrollment and stem activities, Vietnamese cultural activities. Www.chuaanlacsj.org/volunteer-form.'}
{'title': '2 Volunteer Board Ambassador', 'organization': 'FUTURE TALENT OF SILICON VALLEY dba First Tee - Silicon Valley', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 12, 2024', 'description': 'The location is listed as Virtual, but you must be in Silicon Valley to serve. First Tee - Silicon Valley is searching for five (5) volunteer Board Ambassadors to join our organization Do you have a passion for golf and youth development? Joining our non-profit organization will allow you to impact the lives of youth in a unique way. Help us to actively create a space o'}
{'title': '3 Online Fundraising Coordinator', 'organization': 'StandUp for Kids - Silicon Valley (CA)', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: May 29, 2024', 'description': 'Seeking an enthusiastic and dedicated volunteer to support our fundraising efforts, particularly through virtual events. The ideal candidate will have experience in event planning, fundraising, and digital platforms. This volunteer position is vital in helping us raise the necessary fun'}
{'title': '4 Fundraising Coordinator', 'organization': 'North America for Ukraine', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 29, 2024', 'description': 'North America for Ukraine is an NGO registered in the state of California. We work tirelessly to support Ukrainians fleeing the war with resettlement in North America. Providing humanitarian support along the way with different aspects of resettlement. We are looking for ways to advance our exposure and raise funds to support our cause.'}
{'title': '5 Lifeboat by NOMV Volunteer Administrator', 'organization': 'NOT ONE MORE VET INC', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: May 8, 2024', 'description': 'Since 2014, NOMV pioneered online peer-to-peer support and mentorship in the veterinary community across our Facebook forums. Lifeboat extends this model further by providing anonymity for users as they are paired with a team of veterinary professionals trained in peer support who will accompany and mentor these individuals through their crisis. The program modif'}
{'title': '6 Voice Actor', 'organization': 'Bay Area Older Adults', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 17, 2024', 'description': 'About Bay Area Older Adults: Bay Area Older Adult (BAO) is a volunteer-led 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that empowers adults of all abilities to take charge of their health, embrace diversity and inclusion, and become change agents for environmental sustainability and climate resilience. Our passionate founder, who has volunteered for 15 years, was inspired by her grandpare'}
{'title': '7 Newsletter Designer', 'organization': 'Eating Disorders Resource Center (EDRC)', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 20, 2024', 'description': 'Eating Disorders Resource Center (EDRC) strives to increase awareness and understanding of eating disorders for the general public and for health professionals and to promote early diagnosis, effective treatment, and recovery. We provide educational and awareness programs throughout Silicon Valley as well as facilitate free, monthly support groups for sufferers and their families. EDRC is'}
{'title': '8 Auction Coordinator', 'organization': 'ART VISTAS INCORPORATED', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 14, 2024', 'description': "We are planning a 40th anniversary Gala on Oct. 12, 2024. We'd like to have some online prior to the event, live and scilent auction at the event. We are looking for someone who can request and collect auctionable items from Shareway and/or other local businesses. Please let us know if you can help!"}
{'title': '9 Children need to be protected from cancer!', 'organization': 'KOASTRONG', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: May 21, 2024', 'description': 'We are a new grass roots non profit organization focused on childhood cancer prevention through funding research, advocating for childhood cancer awareness and creating change in policy for health equity for children. Grants are the basis of support for the organization. We need help identifying community grants and applying for the grants. This opportunity is a virtual task'}
{'title': '10 Grant Writer/Donations Specialist', 'organization': 'BigBang Artwork', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 15, 2024', 'description': 'Big Bang Artwork is a non-profit organization committed to fostering the creative talents of young artists and supporting their growth through resources, mentorship, and opportunities. Our mission is to empower emerging artists and make a positive impact on their communities. Role Overview: We are looking for a dedicated and detail-oriented'}
{'title': '11 Junior HR Director', 'organization': 'ART OF THE HEART', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 23, 2024', 'description': 'Human Resources Director is the liaison between the executive team and the staff and works to promote a healthy work environment. They also play a key role in recruiting, hiring, and onboarding new staff members. The Human Resources Director position can be broken down into the following responsibilities: Posting and advertising open staff positions Working'}
{'title': '12 Grant writer for Wildlife conservation organization - Make a difference!', 'organization': 'SAFE WORLDWIDE (SAVING ANIMALS FACING EXTINCTION)', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 3, 2024', 'description': 'SAFE Worldwide is a growing California-based nonprofit fighting for the conservation of endangered species and the environment through education, community programs, and partnerships with wildlife conservation organizations across the planet. We have a presence on all the social media platforms, as well as our website: www.SAFEworldwide.org We are looking for an experienced (or'}
{'title': '13 Volunteers Needed Urgently To Bake Cakes For Foster Children & At Risk Youth - Cupertino, CA', 'organization': 'Cake4Kids', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 14, 2024', 'description': 'At Cake4Kids we bake and deliver birthday cakes to foster children and at risk youth. We aim to raise their self-esteem with this seemingly simple gift on their special day. We support all sorts of agencies in our community - homeless, human trafficking, domestic violence, transitional housing, etc. If you like to bake and decorate cakes, you would love you to volunteer with Cake4Kids. We'}
{'title': '14 Board Chair - Human Resources', 'organization': 'The CLASS Consulting Group', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: May 14, 2024', 'description': 'About Us: The Class Consulting Group is a boutique management consulting firm headquartered in SFO-Bay Area that provides consulting services to senior management and Board of Directors of nonprofit/philanthropic organizations. It also offers community leadership opportunities to professionals. CLASS collaborates with its clients - the Non-Profit Organizations to help the'}
{'title': '15 Calling family members', 'organization': 'AccentCare - San Jose', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: May 8, 2024', 'description': 'Do you like to talk to people over the phone? This volunteer opportunity can be performed remotely by making bereavement phone calls with family members. No experience necessary, only a warm kind heart. Training will be provided.'}
{'title': '16 Donate books to receive volunteer hours!', 'organization': 'Lightaid', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 2, 2024', 'description': 'Fill out this google form to donate! https://forms.gle/Aa2zQmDheVoEV2c39'}
{'title': '17 Help Someone Read & Write as an Adult Literacy Tutor (Virtual or In-Person) @ Milpitas Library', 'organization': 'Santa Clara County Library District - Milpitas Library', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 26, 2024', 'description': 'Are you looking for ways to give back to the community? The Reading Program, Santa Clara County Library District’s adult literacy program, is looking for tutors to work one-on-one with adult learners who wish to improve their reading, writing, and communication skills. We work with dedicated, patient, flexible, and sensitive volunteers wh'}
{'title': '18 Young Professionals ❤', 'organization': 'Community Services Agency', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 15, 2024', 'description': 'Our Young Professionals (YP) group is geared toward individuals in their 20s, 30s, and 40s who want to address the issues of hunger, poverty, and homelessness in our community. YP members volunteer at events, plan small fundraisers to support CSA’s work, and serve as ambassadors in the community. YP is a volunteer-oriented group of people in their 20s-40s, and they have monthly calls where t'}
{'title': '19 Book Sales Schedule Coordinator', 'organization': 'Friends of the Palo Alto Library', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: May 10, 2024', 'description': 'FOPAL is seeking a Book Room Coordinator to oversee the operations of our monthly book sales at Cubberley Community Center, which generate more than $200K annually to support programs and acquisitions In Palo Alto City libraries. This person will be in charge of coordinating the activities of 60+ volunteers in the many tasks involved in preparing and holding the sales. The time required is esti'}
{'title': '20 Grant Writer - Help keep music in our schools', 'organization': 'Music for Minors II', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 17, 2024', 'description': "Help us keep music in children's classrooms and lives, by writing grants or finding funding sources for MFMII. www.musicforminors2.org email: ed@musicforminors2.org"}
{'title': '21 Dog Foster Parent - San Francisco Bay Area', 'organization': 'Furry Friends Rescue', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 15, 2024', 'description': 'Help us save more precious furry lives (rescued from shelters), by fostering a dog, puppy or mother with pups, in your home in the greater San Francisco Bay Area until he/she is adopted to a new loving family. Please have dog experience and home with backyard for house-training. Must be able to drive to our vets in Milpitas, Hayward and Santa Clara counties. We have no building, shelter or o'}
{'title': '22 Video Production Volunteer', 'organization': 'Joe & Emmy Liu Foundation', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 6, 2024', 'description': 'Our organization is seeking a talented and experienced volunteer to join our team. As a video production volunteer, you will be responsible for creating and monitoring short and long videos to promote our current core messaging, which is to promote lifestyle habits to prevent chronic diseases. Responsibi'}
{'title': '23 Content Creator Volunteer Needed (Walnut Creek)', 'organization': 'Suncrest Hospice', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 9, 2024', 'description': 'Have a creative eye? Bring your creative ideas over to the Suncrest Team and contribute them to our e-newsletter! With the creation of meaningful and engaging content, you can help Suncrest highlight many aspects of its organization in and out of the community through an impactful e-newsletter! The philosophy of hospic'}
{'title': "24 Join the Fundraising Team for Huntington's Disease Research", 'organization': "HUNTINGTON'S DISEASE SOCIETY OF AMERICA - San Francisco Bay Area Chapter", 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: July 15, 2024', 'description': "Must live in the San Francisco Bay Area; North Bay, South Bay or East Bay. Raising funds for Huntington's disease is critical to discover a cure and/or therapies for Huntington's disease and Juvenile Huntington's disease. Also, the SF Chapter raises dollars to fund local a part time social worker, two Huntington's disease clinics and FREE online resources/programs that"}
{'title': '25 Social Media Volunteer--Instagram and TikTok!', 'organization': 'Itty Bitty Orphan Kitty Rescue', 'date_posted': 'Date Posted: June 25, 2024', 'description': 'Do you use TikTok and Intagram? Do you have experience creating eye catching social media reels and posts? Itty Bitty Orphan Kitty Rescue needs a volunteer experienced with social media platforms such as Instagram and TikTok, to create attention grabbing media for our rescued kittens. We need to reach potential adopters to help us find homes for our rescued kittens and donors to help us'}
